Minor editorial, grammatical, and spelling improvments to docs (#1701)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/reference/command-line-reference.mdx

`type: string[]`

> Ignore **files or directories** from impacting scope. Uses glob patterns under the hood.

Author: Sure, but `multimatch` is probably not what's being used now (that's probably from the JS version of Turborepo). Looks like we have [our own implementation now](https://github.com/vercel/turborepo/tree/main/cli/internal/doublestar) adapted from https://github.com/bmatcuk/doublestar. Not sure if it's worth calling out an in-house implementation?

> Ignore **files or directories** from impacting scope. Uses glob patterns under the hood.

Reviewer: Yep, good call - didn't even think about that one

#### `--only`

> Default `false`. Restricts execution to only include specified tasks. This is very similar to how `lerna` and `pnpm` run tasks by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default `false`. Restricts execution only to include specified tasks. This is very similar to how `lerna` and `pnpm` run tasks by default.
```

Author: 🤔 . Neither sounds very good to me. how about "Restrictions execution to include specific tasks only" ?

You can also set the value of the current token by setting an environment variable named `TURBO_TOKEN`. The flag will take precedence over the environment variable if both are present.

> If you're using Remote Caching on Vercel and building your project on Vercel, this environment variable and flag are not needed because they are automatically set for you. If you’re using Remote Caching on Vercel, but building in another CI provider like CircleCI or GitHub Actions, you can use a Vercel Personal Access Token as your `—token` or `TURBO_TOKEN`. If you are using a custom Remote Cache, this value will be used to send an HTTP Bearer token with requests to your custom Remote Cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using Remote Caching on Vercel and building your project on Vercel, this environment variable and flag are unnecessary because they are automatically set for you. Suppose you are using Remote Caching on Vercel but building in another CI provider like CircleCI or GitHub Actions. You can use a Vercel Personal Access Token as your `—token` or `TURBO_TOKEN`. If you are using a custom Remote Cache, this value will be used to send an HTTP Bearer token with requests to your custom Remote Cache. Default `false`. Restricts execution only to include specified tasks. This is similar to how `lerna` and `pnpm` run tasks by default.
```
